Encapsulation and abstraction are two of
the core properties of object-oriented programming, they're also related.
Encapsulation means that we bundle related properties together in
a single class and sometimes we protect
those properties from unauthorized or accidental modifications.
Abstraction means that users of our class
only need to be familiar with the interface we provide,
they don't have to know how we actually store member data or implement member functions.
Encapsulation and abstraction are related because
encapsulation groups relevant data together in a class,
while abstraction hides the details of how we work with this data.
All the user of a class needs to know is that we
have the data and we provide an interface to interact with it.
Coming up, you'll see how to practice both encapsulation and abstraction in C++,
then you'll try implementing these concepts yourself. Good luck